In order to effectively model and potentially predict superconductivity
within a given material be it a conventional superconductor,
unconventional superconductor, topological superconductor, or any other
form of material, a comprehensive theory describing the microscopic
interactions between atoms and other microscopic particles comprising
said material along with their effects on the superconducting state must
by necessity be created. The currently utilized BCS theory is in its
current form not viable as a result of its incorrect conjecture that a
phonon interaction mechanism (lattice vibration based mechanism)
directly leads to the condensation of cooper electron pairs. This
mechanism has been primarily disproven by the frequent updates or as JE
Hirsch specifies “increases made to the value of the electron-phonon
coupling constant.” This somewhat indirectly shows that it's not the
phonon electron coupling constant or even a phonon effect that
contributes to the condensation of cooper pairs but something else that
has a direct effect on lattice vibration (phonons are quasiparticles
used to describe lattice vibration within a superconductor). Despite
that fundamental flaw, JE Hirsch states that BCS theory presents a
number of indisputable proven facts such as the cooper electron pairing
concept, the existence of macroscopic phase coherence, and the notion of
the existence of an energy gap. In the process of describing a new
theory for superconductivity these ideas would necessarily have to be
included.

In order to expediently construct such a theory a number of BCS theory’s
derivations can (and have to) be reused albeit heavily modified in order
to create a new more comprehensive theory. This theory will be based off
of a modified/reworked version of the London equations, instead of
utilizing the Drude model/theory of conductivity which was a classical
physics based approach to modelling electron behaviour developed in
1900, the London equations will be redeveloped from a quantum mechanics
based theory of conductivity (or more specifically electron
interaction), for this study Quantum Electrodynamics theory will be
used. Additionally an effort will be made to formally derive these new
London equations where possible as the original London equations are
derived through intuitive logic which can be prone to unique errors as
many systems such as quantum mechanics based systems and even some
classical systems with chaos as an element tend to behave in ways
“intuitive logic” or even intuition itself (in the case of quantum
systems) cannot predict. Following that the major aspects of BCS theory
will be rederived in order to create a basic framework descending from
quantum mechanics, that describes the superconducting state, this will
serve as the basis for this attempt at a comprehensive theory of
superconductivity. This process is unfortunately complicated by the
heavy reliance Bardeen, Cooper and Schrieffer placed on the classical
kinetic interpretation of electron interactions. Building upon the
preliminary framework that will be created it is necessary to describe
the cooper pairing mechanism through a novel non-phonon/non-lattice
vibration mechanism. Once that aspect of the study is completed the
resulting equations can be converted into a gapped Hamiltonian system.
This process makes the equations easier to work with which will enable
them to be used to model and evaluate superconductor systems.

Calculating or modelling any substantial or statistically significant
superconducting system would be highly impractical using “paper and
pencil” calculations, as such the theory/Hamiltonian would have to be
incorporated into a computer simulation suite of some sort in order to
hasten the process. Density Functional Theory is the “most popular and
among the most successful approaches” to modelling the electronic
structure of many body systems, as the phenomenon being modelled is
partially electric in nature this modelling approach would be one of the
best approaches to use in order to predict the properties of
superconducting materials, however there also exists a “Superconducting
Density Functional Theory” which may be used instead of plain DFT in
order to further hasten progress by easing the necessary workload.
Additionally molecular dynamics simulations will be used in conjunction
with the DFT or SCDFT simulations to form the complete (for the scope of
this study) model of the superconductor being simulated. The molecular
dynamics simulation in particular will help define/predict a given
superconductors physical parameters/

Once the simulation/modelling suite is complete, the suite will be
installed within systems running arch linux in order to utilization
computational resources with the most possible efficiency. From there
data can be collected on the electrical interactions within the
simulation. To do so a few unit cells of a given material will be
simulated (as 1 unit cell may lead to unintended/undesired effects
emerging and or it may also lead to some effects being simulated
poorly). To be more specific, currently a cubic model of 27 unit cells
will be modelled/simulated. This number has been selected so as to
minimize the time a simulation of a given superconducting system will
take while also ensuring that the simulation is accurate within at least
a few of the inner unit cells. Currently it is expected that
parameters/effects such as magnetic response,,and band gap, will be
collected. Additionally should additional relevant parameters become
identified prior to the start of simulation operations they will be
added to this list, once simulation/data collection starts no changes to
the scope of this study will be made. Each superconducting material will
be simulated at least twice, with the data between both runs being
compared to ensure no random error has occurred. For the first 10-25
runs of the simulation suite the superconductors being studied will be
conventional superconductors. The parameters collected on those
simulated superconductors will then be compared to at least 2 publicly
available sources (per superconductor) that physically analyze said
superconducting material (that is to say studies that solely measure the
parameters and or mathematically calculate some parameters based off of
physically collected data), if the simulated parameters match the
measured parameters within an error margin of +10% -5% (to accommodate
for error) the mathematical model of superconductivity being constructed
by this study will be considered in parity with at least BCS theory.
From there simulation/modelling attempts can begin for unconventional
superconductors. The same process will be applied to unconventional
superconductors as was applied to the conventional superconductors,
parameters will be collected and compared to publicly available data. If
even a few simulated unconventional superconductor parameters are in
parity with the actual observed values then the theory will be
considered to be at the least a semi accurate model of superconductivity
and a significant step forward in superconducting theory. Should the
calculated parameters of all of the unconventional superconductor
material families be accurately (within the margin of error)
modelled/simulated then the theory developed here can be considered
completely in parity with reality and the goal of this study will be
more than achieved.
